Because the last board meeting
I took out 10 billion big order
10 billion 10 billion bundle of foreign trade orders
Prove Mr. Ye's network resources
And trading capabilities
Is extremely registered
I believe
Only Mr. Ye can lead us to the night market
Further development
Conquest
Again fruitless
Lao Wang, but this human body is open
Management ability also has a promising future
I think that's a fact.
Lao Tie
The mall is not present
And sometimes you need a building block.
The price of others is a bad thing
As for management skills?
We can be inspector general
Avoid him making another mistake in the apartment
I won't support it anyway
The disappearance of the old chairperson may be related to him
If so
We had to vote
Please raise your hand in support of the performance
How is it, niece?
Just your little wit
You can't beat 25.
Directors
I promise
I'll get 10 billion contract in a year
Sorry Miss Yi
We don't want promises.
We want a contract
Unless you can come up with a contract worth over 10 billion now
Otherwise, I can only announce that Mr. Ye Bingtao
serve as chairperson
Now.
How can you get a contract worth over 10 billion yuan?
Why is it impossible for Mr. Wang?
Remember this?